# row2
--Documentation, allows for trainer to perform individual code reviews--
-Documentation comments at the top of every class.
-Documentation comments on all methods.
-All methods documented with the @MethodAuthor annotation from the slides.

--Naming Conventions--
-Classes have Upper cammel case. ie: ThisIsAClass
-Classe names should sound like the name of a thing. ie: Customer, CustomerManager

-methods have lower cammel case. ie: thisIsAMethod
-method names should be actions. ie: calculateCost, validateDate

-variables have lower cammel case. ie: thisIsAVariable
-variable names should sound tangable. ie: name, age, value.

-packages should be single words, all lower case with no spaces.
-packeges should be nested in a structure following the groupID then the artifact ID seperated by a '.'.
-top-level package names should be pluralized to indicate the type of object they hold. ie: a package holding the Entity objects would be called entities.

--syntax--
-opening curly braces should be on the same line as the class, method or block declaration.
-there should be a single blank line between the closing block of a method and the following method.
-there should be a single blank line between the last instance variable and the first method.
-curly braces on single like if, else and loops are optional.
-the closing brace for an if should be on the same line as the following if or else statement in if/if, if/else and else/if blocks.
-the closing brace for a try statement should be on the same line as the following catch or finally statement in try/catch, catch/catch, try/finally and catch/finally blocks.

--Code Standards--
-all variables should be private with getters & setters.
-all entities must have at least 3 constructors:
    A default constructor
    A constructor that takes all NotNull attributes Except the ID if the ID is autogenerated.
    A constructor that takes all attributes.

